Add File Handling API / file_handlers sample (#1024)
GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples: functional-samples/cookbook.file_handlers/README.md

> # Cookbook - File Handling API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Cookbook - File Handling
```

> This sample demonstrates how to use the File Handling API in an extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates file handling in an extension.
```

## Overview

On ChromeOS only, extensions can use the `file_handlers` manifest key to

> register as a file handler for particular file types. This behaves in the same
> way as the
> [equivalent API](https://developer.chrome.com/articles/file-handling/) in web
> applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
register as a file handler for particular file types. This behaves in a similar way to the
[equivalent key](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Manifest/file_handlers) in web
applications. As with web applications, you use the [Launch Handler API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Launch_Handler_API) to open and process a file.
```

Reviewer: >behaves in a similar way

I'm hedging here because I don't think we yet support all the functionality that's avaialable through the web platform API.

> With this extension installed, you can open text files with the extension and see their name and size on the opened extension page. This could be a good starting point for building an extension that displays or interacts with an opened file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension lets you open text files and see their name and size on the opened extension page. This could be a good starting point for building an extension that displays or interacts with an opened file.
```

> With this extension installed, you can open .txt files with the extension and see their name and size on the opened extension page. This could be a good starting point for building an extension which displays or interacts with an opened file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this extension installed, you can open text files with the extension and see their name and size on the opened extension page. This could be a good starting point for building an extension that displays or interacts with an opened file.
```

<img src="screenshot.png" height=300 alt="Screenshot showing the File Handling API demo running in Chrome.">

## Running this extension

**This API is only supported on ChromeOS**.

1. Clone this repository.
2. Load this directory in Chrome as an [unpacked extension](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/mv3/getstarted/development-basics/#load-unpacked).

> 3. Create a .txt file on your ChromeOS device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Create a text file on your ChromeOS device.
```
According to [Google's style guide](https://developers.google.com/style/filenames#file-type-names)

4. In the Files app, select the file.

> 5. In the toolbar, choose "Open" and then "File Handling API".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the toolbar, choose "Open" and then "File Handling Demo".
```
